
Sales Marker
Engineering Manager - Data & AI team
Tokyo
Remote OK
Full-time
May 29, 2024
Conditions
9,000,000 - 12,000,000 JPY /yr
Apply from Japan Only
(You must live in Japan to apply)
Requirements
Language Requirements
Japanese: Business Level
English: Business Level
Minimum Experience
Mid-level or above
About Us

At Sales Marker, our mission is to create a world where all people and companies can challenge themselves beyond existing boundaries. We’re the first and No.1 「Intent Sales」 company and one of the fastest growing start-up in Japan. We’re growing at a speed that is twice as fast as Unicorn startups. By using our product, sales teams can improve their work efficiency by 3 times.
We have achieved over 900% YoY business growth rate in 2.5 years since our flagship product 「Sales Marker」 was released and we’re currently actively working on a wide range of new product portfolios.

 

The Team

Our co-founders are from top companies in Japan and the world such as NRI, Keyence, LINE, Microsoft, and PwC. They were selected as 「FORBES 30 UNDER 30 ASIA LIST」 in 2023. In our Engineering & Product team, we have members from more than 12 countries and they come from top tech companies in the world such as Google, Microsoft, Indeed, and famous tech companies in Japan such as Mercari, LINE, Yahoo, Smartnews, etc. They’re smart but humble, they work hard but also have fun, they’re very different individuals but they work together to achieve our mission and goals. Come and have a chat with one of our leadership members!

 

Your Job

Responsibilities

For this role, you will managing the Data & AI Team at Sales Marker. Recently, the team has been growing a lot, and our team is actually building data platforms and distributed systems for analysis too. We are especially focusing on the use of LLM (Large-Language-Model), and there are projects to verify how LLM can be used to process difficult unstructured data. Your key role will be to align engineering projects with our strategic goals and ensure efficient and effective product development. You will lead and develop engineering teams, fostering an environment of innovation and excellence.Your responsibilities will include:

Managing engineering teams to deliver product development.
Ensuring engineering initiatives are aligned with overall product and business strategies.
Collaborating closely with product managers to prioritize and execute development tasks.
Conducting regular performance evaluations and providing mentorship to team members.
Facilitating effective communication among engineering, product, and executive teams.
Promoting continuous improvement in engineering methodologies and processes.
Overseeing resource management and project schedules to ensure successful product launches.
 

Requirements

2+ years of experience in engineering team management.
Technical Experinece in Data Engineering, Data Science or Data Analysis field
Experience in Web scraping and extracting unstructured data
Experience in Data cleansing, Data modeling and ETL tools
Experience with databases, such as MySQL, MongoDB
Strong understanding of product and business strategy.
Proven ability to work with cross-functional teams, including product managers, designers, and business leaders.
Excellent leadership and communication skills.
Fluent English and Japanese language skills.
 

Nice to Have

Experience in leading engineering teams developing new products.
Experience with agile or scrum development frameworks.
Experience in a fast-paced/start-up environment.
Managing engineering teams to deliver product development.
Ensuring engineering initiatives are aligned with overall product and business strategies.
Collaborating closely with product managers to prioritize and execute development tasks.
Conducting regular performance evaluations and providing mentorship to team members.
Facilitating effective communication among engineering, product, and executive teams.
Promoting continuous improvement in engineering methodologies and processes.
Overseeing resource management and project schedules to ensure successful product launches.
 

Why Us?

High growth business and strong financial foundation.
Innovative new product development and opportunity to build things from scratch.
Plenty of leadership and career development opportunities.
Full remote-friendly & full flexible work schedules.
Global team and English speaking environment.
Great benefits & perks packages such as Resort Work, Purchasing Books, Free Weekly Lunch, Offsites, etc.
 

Our Tech Stack

Front-end:

TypeScript, React;
Libraries: Storybook, jest;
Hosting: Amplify
 

Server-side:

Infrastructure: AWS, ElasticBeanstalk;
DB: Aurora, ElasticSearch;
Languages: Node.js, Python, Go;
Analysis environment: Athena;
Framework: Express;
Monitoring: DataDog;
Others: AWS Lambda, AWS Batch, AWS API Gateway, AWS Glue
 

Data Analysis

OpenAI
Amazon Bedrock
OpenSearch
SageMaker
Athena
Glue
