
Rakuten
Senior Data Engineer (Marketing)
Tokyo
Partial Remote
Full-time
October 3, 2024
Conditions
¥8M - ¥11M /yr
Apply from Anywhere 👍
Relocation to Japan 👍
(Overseas visa sponsorship supported)
Requirements
Language Requirements
Japanese: Not Required 👍
English: Fluent
Minimum Experience
Mid-level or above
Job Description:

Business Overview

Rakuten group has almost 100 million customer base in Japan and 1 billion globally as well, providing more than 70 services in a variety such as ecommerce, payment services, financial services, telecommunication, media, sports, etc. 

AI Success Supervisory Department (AISSD) provides various solutions by leveraging Rakuten group's data. The department has international culture created by excellent employees joined around the world and provides the cutting-edge data science. Following the strategic vision "Rakuten as a data-driven membership company", AISSD is expanding our data activities across our multiple Rakuten group companies.

　

Department Overview

Customer Data Platform Section provides the platform to realize ’Digital Twin’. With hundreds of millions of members and trillions (Japanese Yen) in spending, Rakuten’s Membership enjoys an un-paralleled eco-system of benefits and is amongst the largest in the world. Our talented and driven team operates a portfolio of products and services that optimize Rakuten membership experiences using data.

You'll benefit from our network of global communities and collaborative culture that will help you build technical and functional skills and capabilities. And because we serve more than 28 countries industries globally, you'll have the opportunity to develop valuable industry-specific expertise.

The scale of our capabilities and client engagements and the unique way we innovate, operate and deliver value will give you the opportunity to deepen your existing skills even as you help create the latest technology trends. You'll have access to leading-edge technology.

 

Position:

Why We Hire

We are looking for a Data Engineer/Data Science Engineer to work within one of the following departments within our AI Success Supervisory Department.

　

Position Details

In this position, the data engineer is expected to

Understand the data warehousing, data processing with huge data sets.
Operate and maintain customer data platform which supports companywide personalization strategy.
Integrate big data tool and frameworks to build data science platform that support the tangible data science solutions.
Analyze the requirements and data sources from different business units.
Transform data from multiple domains into the centralized data platform.
Collaborate with data scientist and researcher to work on innovate ideas and products.
　

Mandatory Qualifications:

Computer science or related background
4+ years' experience in software development, especially using Python as a programming language
Experience working in Cloud Platforms such as GCP/AWS/Azure and Lakehouse platforms like Databricks
Experience with Spark, Hadoop, MapReduce, HDFS and Big Data querying tools, such as Tez, Hive, and BigQuery
Experience in Architecting, designing and building Tools, frameworks, Pipelines based on specific requirements
Experience with SQL and some of the modern databases like Vector DB, Time Series DB, Graph DB etc.
　

Desired Qualifications:

Experience with building and maintaining data science platform
Experiences in web service development in multiple industries
Solid knowledge of handling large volumes data processing & Operating 100+ Pipelines
Experience with Big Data ML toolkits, such as Mahout, SparkML, or H2O
Experience with NoSQL databases, such as HBase, Redis, CouchBase
Familiar with data mining concepts and machine learning algorithms
Experience with Spark and stream-processing systems, using solutions such as Storm or Spark-Streaming
Knowledge of various ETL techniques and frameworks, such as Flume
